This Agreement is made as of this day of , 20 (the "Effective Date") by and between ("Employee") and ("Employer"), (each, a "Party" and collectively, the "Parties").	Obligation
The Parties agree and covenant to be bound by the terms set forth in this Agreement as follows.	Obligation
Employer shall employ Employee as a Job title on a full time part time basis under this Agreement.	Obligation
In this capacity, Employee shall have the following duties and undertake the following responsibilities.	Obligation
positions, including other duties as may arise from time to time and as may be assigned.	Obligation
Employee shall perform assigned duties and responsibilities in a professional manner, in good faith, and to the best of Employee's skills, abilities, talents and experience.	Obligation
Employee's employment under this Agreement shall begin on , 20 and will terminate on , 20.	Termination Condition
Employee's employment under this Agreement shall begin on , 20 and be for an unspecified term on at "at will" basis.	Obligation
Employee's probation period shall be month(s) week(s), starting from the first day of Employee's employment.	Obligation
In the event that Employee fails to pass the probation period, Employer may terminate this Agreement immediately by giving notice to Employee.	Termination Condition
There is NOT a probation period for Employee.	Obligation
As compensation for the services provided by Employee under this Agreement, Employer will pay Employee $ per hour per week per month per year.	Obligation
local taxes as required by law.	Obligation
Employee shall be entitled to commission on the following basis: .	Obligation
Employee will NOT be reimbursed for out-of-pocket expenses.	Prohibition
Employee will primarily perform their employment duties at , , ( between the hours of Work hours Days of the week ).	Obligation
Both parties will comply with Employer policy regarding employee benefits or as required by law.	Obligation
as required by state and local laws.	Obligation
Employee shall be entitled to paid sick leave of up to days per year.	Obligation
Employee shall NOT be entitled to paid sick leave.	Prohibition
Employee shall be entitled to paid personal leave of up to days per year.	Obligation
Employee shall NOT be entitled to paid personal leave.	Prohibition
If Employee cannot perform assigned duties because of illness or incapacity for more than.	Obligation
days, compensation due during such illness or capacity will be reduced by .	Obligation
Full compensation will be reinstated upon Employee's return to work.	Obligation
CROSS OUT if you do not.)	Obligation
Employee will NOT be exposed to confidential information.	Prohibition
Employee will be exposed to confidential information.	Obligation
A. Confidential and Proprietary Information.	Right
In the course of employment, Employee will be exposed to confidential and proprietary information of Employer.	Right
generally known to the public, including, but not limited to, information relating to development and plans, marketing strategies, finance, operations, systems, proprietary concepts, documentation, reports, data, specifications, computer software, source code, object code, flow charts, data, databases, inventions, know-how, trade secrets, customer lists, customer relationships, customer.	Right
profiles, supplier lists, supplier relationships, supplier profiles, pricing, sales estimates, business plans and internal performance results relating to the past, present or future business activities, technical information, design, process, procedure, formula, or improvement, which Employer considers confidential and proprietary.	Right
Employee acknowledges and agrees that the confidential and proprietary information is valuable property of Employer, developed over a long period of time at substantial expense and that it is worthy of protection.	Right
Except as otherwise expressly permitted in this Agreement, Employee shall not disclose or use in any manner, directly or indirectly, any confidential and proprietary information either during the term of this Agreement or at any time thereafter, except as required to perform their duties and responsibilities or with Employer's prior written consent.	Prohibition
C. Rights in Confidential and Proprietary Information.	Right
All ideas, concepts, work product, information, written material or other confidential and proprietary information disclosed to Employee by Employer (i) are and shall remain the sole and exclusive property of Employer, and (ii) are disclosed or permitted to be acquired by Employee solely in reliance on Employee's agreement to maintain them in confidence and not to use or disclose them to any other person except in furtherance of Employer's business.	Prohibition
Except as expressly provided herein, this Agreement does not confer any right, license, ownership or other interest or title in, to or under the confidential and proprietary information to Employee.	Prohibition
for which damages would not be an adequate remedy.	Prohibition
Accordingly, in addition to any other legal remedies which may be available at law or in equity, Employer shall be entitled to equitable or injunctive relief against the unauthorized use or disclosure of confidential and proprietary information.	Prohibition
breach, including but not limited to damages, both direct and consequential.	Prohibition
In any action brought by Employer under this Section, Employer shall be entitled to recover its attorney's fees and costs from Employee.	Prohibition
The Parties agree that all work product, information or other materials.	Obligation
This Agreement may be terminated immediately by Employer for cause or in the event Employee violates any provision of this Agreement.	Termination Condition
In addition, Employer may terminate this Agreement and Employee's.	Termination Condition
During the notice period, Employee and Employer agree to continue diligently fulfilling their duties and obligations in good faith with best efforts.	Obligation
If Employee's employment is terminated other than for cause, Employee shall be entitled to severance in the amount of .	Obligation
Employee is NOT entitled to severance.	Prohibition
At the time of termination, Employee agrees to return all Employer property, including but not limited to computers, cell-phones, and any other electronic devices.	Obligation
Employee shall reimburse Employer for any Employer property lost or damaged in an amount equal to the market price of such property.	Obligation
The rights and obligations of the Parties set forth in ( Non-Compete, Confidentiality), Ownership of Work Product, Termination and Miscellaneous are intended to survive termination, and will survive termination of this Agreement.	Termination Condition
Employee acknowledges and agrees that Employee does not have.	Prohibition
The terms of this Agreement shall be governed exclusively by the laws of the State of (not including its conflicts of law provisions).	Obligation
The dispute shall be resolved in the courts of the State of .	Obligation
Attorneys' Fees If either Party brings legal action to enforce its rights under this Agreement, the prevailing party will be entitled to recover from the other Party its expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees and costs) incurred in connection with the action and any appeal.	Obligation
The dispute shall be resolved through binding arbitration conducted in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association.	Obligation
The dispute shall be resolved through mediation.	Obligation
If the dispute cannot be resolved through mediation, then the dispute will be resolved through binding arbitration conducted in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association.	Obligation
No supplement, modification or amendment of this Agreement will be binding unless executed in writing by both of the Parties.	Obligation
Any notice or other communication given or made to either Party under this Agreement shall be in writing and delivered by hand, sent by overnight courier service or sent by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, to the address stated above or to another address as that Party may subsequently designate by notice and shall be deemed given on the date of delivery.	Obligation
Neither Party shall be deemed to have waived any provision of this Agreement or the exercise of any rights held under this Agreement unless such waiver is made expressly and in writing.	Prohibition
waiver of any subsequent or other breach or violation.	Prohibition
At the request of one Party, the other Party shall execute and deliver such.	Obligation
If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall not be affected and shall continue to be valid, legal and enforceable as though the invalid, illegal or unenforceable parts had not been included in this Agreement.	Obligation
This Agreement is made as of this 1st day of August, 2024 (the "Effective Date") by and between Jane Smith ("Employee") and Finance Solutions LLC ("Employer"), (each, a "Party" and collectively, the "Parties").	Obligation
The Parties agree and covenant to be bound by the terms set forth in this Agreement as follows: 1.	Obligation
Employer shall employ Employee as a Financial Analyst on a part-time basis under this Agreement.	Obligation
similar positions, including other duties as may arise from time to time and as may be assigned.	Obligation
Employee shall perform assigned duties and responsibilities in a professional manner, in good faith, and to the best of Employee's skills, abilities, talents, and experience.	Obligation
Employee's employment under this Agreement shall begin on August 1, 2024 and will terminate on July 31, 2025.	Termination Condition
Employee's employment under this Agreement shall begin on , 20 and be for an unspecified term on an "at will" basis.	Termination Condition
As compensation for the services provided by Employee under this Agreement, Employer will pay Employee $50 per hour.	Obligation
The amount will be paid to Employee: Once a week on the day of each week.	Obligation
or local taxes as required by law.	Obligation
Employee shall receive overtime compensation of $75/hour for each hour worked.	Obligation
Employee will primarily perform their employment duties at 456 Finance Avenue, New York, NY 10001, between the hours of 10 AM to 3 PM, Monday to Thursday.	Obligation
Employee shall be entitled to paid time off: in the amount of 15 days per year.	Obligation
Employee shall be entitled to paid sick leave of up to 8 days per year.	Obligation
Employee shall be entitled to paid personal leave of up to 3 days per year.	Obligation
If Employee cannot perform assigned duties because of illness or incapacity for more than 20 days, compensation due during such illness or capacity will be reduced by 40%.	Obligation
Employee agrees and covenants during the term of this Agreement for a period of 6 months following the voluntary or involuntary termination of Employee's employment, not to.	Prohibition
generally known to the public, including, but not limited to, information relating to development and plans, marketing strategies, finance, operations, systems, proprietary concepts, documentation, reports, data, specifications, computer software, source code, object code, flow charts, data, databases, inventions, know-how, trade secrets, customer lists, customer relationships, customer profiles, supplier lists, supplier relationships, supplier profiles, pricing, sales estimates, business plans and internal performance results relating to the past, present, or future business activities, technical information, design, process, procedure, formula, or improvement, which Employer considers confidential and proprietary.	Right
Employee acknowledges and agrees that the confidential and proprietary information is valuable property of Employer, developed over a long period of time at substantial expense.	Right
All ideas, concepts, work product, information, written material or other confidential and proprietary information disclosed to Employee by Employer (i) are and shall remain the sole and exclusive property of Employer, and (ii) are disclosed or permitted to be acquired by Employee solely in reliance on Employee's.	Prohibition
injury for which damages would not be an adequate remedy.	Prohibition
Accordingly, in addition to any other legal remedies which may be available at law or in equity, Employer shall be entitled to.	Prohibition
Employer shall be entitled to pursue any other legally permissible.	Right
remedy available as a result of such breach, including but not limited to damages, both direct and consequential.	Prohibition
The Parties agree that all work product, information or other.	Obligation
In addition, Employer may terminate this Agreement and Employee's employment: at any time by giving 14 days' notice in writing to Employee.	Termination Condition
Employee may terminate this Agreement and the employment: at any time by giving 14 days' notice in writing to Employer.	Termination Condition
If Employee's employment is terminated other than for cause, Employee shall be entitled to severance in the amount of two weeks' salary.	Obligation
The terms of this Agreement shall be governed exclusively by the laws of the State of New York (not including its conflicts of law provisions).	Obligation
Any dispute arising from this Agreement shall be resolved through: Court litigation.	Obligation
The dispute shall be resolved in the courts of the State of New York.	Obligation
Any notice or other communication given or made to either Party under this Agreement shall be in writing and delivered by hand, sent by overnight courier service, or sent by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, to the address stated above or to another.	Obligation
Waiver by either Party of a breach or violation of any provision of this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of any subsequent or other breach or violation.	Prohibition
This Agreement is made as of this 1st day of September, 2024 (the "Effective Date") by and between Alice Johnson ("Employee") and HealthCare Partners ("Employer"), (each, a "Party" and collectively, the "Parties").	Obligation
Employer shall employ Employee as a Registered Nurse on a full-time basis under this Agreement.	Obligation
In this capacity, Employee shall have the following duties and undertake the following responsibilities:  Provide patient care  Administer medications  Coordinate with healthcare teams.	Obligation
Employee's employment under this Agreement shall begin on September 1, 2024.	Obligation
be for an unspecified term on an "at will" basis.	Prohibition
As compensation for the services provided by Employee under this Agreement, Employer will pay Employee $70,000 per year.	Obligation
Employee shall receive overtime compensation of $45/hour for each hour worked: beyond 8 hours in a day.	Obligation
Employee will primarily perform their employment duties at 789 Health Blvd, Houston, TX 77002, between the hours of 7 AM to 7 PM, Rotating shifts.	Obligation
Employee shall be entitled to paid time off: in the amount of 25 days per year.	Obligation
Employee shall be entitled to paid sick leave of up to 12 days per year.	Obligation
Employee shall be entitled to paid personal leave of up to 4 days per year.	Obligation
If Employee cannot perform assigned duties because of illness or incapacity for more than 60 days, compensation due during such illness or capacity will be reduced by 30%.	Obligation
18 months following the voluntary or involuntary termination of Employee's employment, not to.	Prohibition
Employer shall be entitled to pursue any other legally permissible remedy available as a result of such breach, including but not limited to damages, both direct and consequential.	Prohibition
In addition, Employer may terminate this Agreement and Employee's employment: at any time by giving 60 days' notice in writing to Employee.	Termination Condition
Employee may terminate this Agreement and the employment: at any time by giving 60 days' notice in writing to Employer.	Termination Condition
If Employee's employment is terminated other than for cause, Employee shall be entitled to severance in the amount of one month's salary.	Obligation
The terms of this Agreement shall be governed exclusively by the laws of the State of Texas (not including its conflicts of law provisions).	Obligation
Any dispute arising from this Agreement shall be resolved through.	Obligation
This Agreement is made as of this 1st day of October, 2024 (the "Effective Date") by and between Michael Brown ("Employee") and Marketing Masters Corp. ("Employer"), (each, a "Party" and collectively, the "Parties").	Obligation
Employer shall employ Employee as a Marketing Manager on a full-time basis under this Agreement.	Obligation
In this capacity, Employee shall have the following duties and undertake the following responsibilities:  Develop marketing strategies  Manage marketing campaigns  Analyze market trends.	Obligation
Employee's employment under this Agreement shall begin on October 1, 2024 and will terminate on September 30, 2026.	Termination Condition
As compensation for the services provided by Employee under this Agreement, Employer will pay Employee $90,000 per year.	Obligation
Employee will primarily perform their employment duties at 123 Marketing Way, Miami, FL 33101, between the hours of 8 AM to 4 PM, Monday to Friday.	Obligation
Employee shall be entitled to paid time off: in the amount of 18 days per year.	Obligation
Employee shall be entitled to paid personal leave of up to 5 days per year.	Obligation
If Employee cannot perform assigned duties because of illness or incapacity for more than 45 days, compensation due during such illness or capacity will be reduced by 50%.	Obligation
24 months following the voluntary or involuntary termination of Employee's employment, not to.	Prohibition
In addition, Employer may terminate this Agreement and Employee's employment: at any time by giving 30 days' notice in writing to Employee.	Termination Condition
Employee may terminate this Agreement and the employment: at any time by giving 30 days' notice in writing to Employer.	Termination Condition
If Employee's employment is terminated other than for cause, Employee shall be entitled to severance in the amount of two months' salary.	Obligation
The terms of this Agreement shall be governed exclusively by the laws of the State of Florida (not including its conflicts of law provisions).	Obligation
The dispute shall be resolved in the courts of the State of Florida.	Obligation
This Agreement is made as of this 1st day of November, 2024 (the "Effective Date") by and between Sarah Lee ("Employee") and Legal Solutions LLP ("Employer"), (each, a "Party" and collectively, the "Parties").	Obligation
Employer shall employ Employee as a Paralegal on a part-time basis under this Agreement.	Obligation
In this capacity, Employee shall have the following duties and undertake the following responsibilities:  Assist attorneys with case preparation  Conduct legal research  Draft legal documents.	Obligation
Employee's employment under this Agreement shall begin on November 1, 2024.	Obligation
As compensation for the services provided by Employee under this Agreement, Employer will pay Employee $40 per hour.	Obligation
Employee shall receive overtime compensation of $60/hour for each hour worked: beyond 40 hours in a week.	Obligation
Employee will primarily perform their employment duties at 987 Legal Lane, Chicago, IL 60601, between the hours of 9 AM to 2 PM, Monday to Thursday.	Obligation
Employee shall be entitled to paid time off: in the amount of 12 days per year.	Obligation
Employee shall be entitled to paid sick leave of up to 6 days per year.	Obligation
If Employee cannot perform assigned duties because of illness or incapacity for more than 30 days, compensation due during such illness or capacity will be reduced by 50%.	Obligation
The terms of this Agreement shall be governed exclusively by the laws of the State of Illinois (not including its conflicts of law provisions).	Obligation
Any dispute arising from this Agreement shall be resolved through: Mediation.	Obligation
This Joint Venture Agreement (this "Agreement") is entered into as of the 1st day of July, 2024 (the "Effective Date") by and between ABC Tech Inc. First Party located at 123 Silicon Valley Road, San Francisco, CA 94105 and XYZ Innovations Ltd. Second Party located at 789 Innovation Drive, Los Angeles, CA 90001.	Obligation
The Joint Venture shall do business under the name FinTech AI Solutions.	Obligation
shall have its principal office and place of business at 456 Business Park, Palo Alto, CA 94301, or such other place(s) as shall be designated from time to time.	Obligation
For the purpose of the Joint Venture, the parties shall make capital contributions, in cash or property, in the following amounts or values.	Obligation
If the Joint Venture requires additional funds, the parties shall make additional contributions as mutually agreed upon by the parties.	Obligation
The parties shall own interest in the Joint Venture in the following percentages.	Obligation
Net profits and net losses accruing to the Joint Venture shall be distributed.	Obligation
will be responsible for the following duties and obligations of the Joint Venture: (a) managing day to day business affairs.	Obligation
and (e) hiring production and administration staff and third-party contractors as needed, including any required labor negotiations.	Obligation
The parties will be responsible for the following duties under the Joint Venture.	Obligation
The Joint Venture shall not be construed to create a partnership or any other fiduciary obligations between the parties.	Prohibition
This Agreement does not obligate either party to conduct business exclusively with the other party.	Prohibition
In the course of the Joint Venture, the parties will be exposed to confidential and proprietary information.	Right
"Confidential Information" shall mean any data or information that is competitively sensitive material and not generally known to the public, including, but not limited to, information relating to development and plans, marketing strategies, finance, operations, systems, proprietary concepts, documentation, reports, data, specifications, computer software, source code, object code, flow charts, data, databases, inventions, know-how, trade secrets, customer lists, customer relationships, customer profiles, supplier lists, supplier relationships, supplier profiles, pricing, sales estimates, business plans and internal performance results relating to the past, present or future business activities, technical information, designs, processes, procedures, formulas, improvements, and other information which the parties consider confidential and proprietary.	Right
The parties acknowledge and agree that each parties' Confidential Information is valuable property, developed over a long period of time at substantial expense and that it is worthy of protection.	Right
Except as otherwise expressly permitted in this Agreement, the parties shall not disclose or use in any manner, directly or indirectly, any Confidential Information either during the term of this Agreement or at any time thereafter, except as required to perform their respective duties and responsibilities or with the other party's prior written consent.	Prohibition
confidential during the term of this Agreement and continue thereafter for five (5) years after this Agreement is terminated or expires.	Termination Condition
Rights in Confidential and Proprietary Information.	Right
Except as expressly provided herein, this Agreement does not confer any right, license, ownership or other interest or title in, to or under the Confidential Information to the receiving party.	Prohibition
Each party acknowledges that the use or disclosure of any Confidential.	Prohibition
which damages would not be an adequate remedy.	Prohibition
Accordingly, in addition to any other legal remedies which may be available at law or in equity, the disclosing party shall be entitled to equitable or injunctive relief against the unauthorized use or disclosure of Confidential Information.	Prohibition
result of such breach, including but not limited to damages, both direct and consequential.	Prohibition
In any action brought by the disclosing party under this Section, the disclosing party shall be entitled to recover its attorney's fees and costs from receiving party.	Obligation
All notices given under this Agreement must be in writing.	Obligation
A notice is effective upon receipt and shall be sent via one of the following methods: delivery in person, overnight courier service, certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, addressed to the party to be notified at the address first stated above, or to such other address as such party may designate upon reasonable notice to the other party.	Obligation
Five (5) years from the Effective Date.	Termination Condition
Unless terminated earlier by a written agreement of the parties.	Termination Condition
This Agreement may be amended or modified only by a written agreement signed by both parties.	Obligation
This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without regard to the principles of conflict of laws.	Obligation
If the parties disagree on a material issue and cannot agree on a mutually satisfactory decision or solution, then a deadlock shall be deemed to have occurred.	Obligation
One party (the "Offeror") will offer to purchase the Joint Venture interest of the other party (the "Offeree") by notifying the Offeree in writing of an irrevocable offer to purchase.	Right
The dispute will be resolved through binding arbitration conducted in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association.	Obligation
The written decision of the arbitrator(s), as applicable, shall be final and binding on the parties.	Obligation
Neither party may assign its rights or delegate its duties under this Agreement without the other party's prior written consent.	Prohibition
written notice to the other party must be given within thirty (30) days of such assignment or transfer.	Obligation
This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding on the respective successors and permitted assigns of the parties.	Obligation
In the event that any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall not be affected and shall continue to be valid, legal and enforceable as though the invalid, illegal or unenforceable parts had not been included in this Agreement.	Obligation
Neither party will be charged with any waiver of any provision of this Agreement, unless such waiver is evidenced by a writing signed by the party and any such waiver will be limited to the terms of such writing.	Prohibition
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all.	Obligation
This Joint Venture Agreement (this "Agreement") is entered into as of the 15th day of March, 2024 (the "Effective Date") by and between Green Energy Corp. First Party located at 456 Renewable Drive, Austin, TX 73301 and Solar Solutions LLC Second Party located at 789 Sunshine Ave, Houston, TX 77001.	Obligation
The Joint Venture shall do business under the name Texas Solar Power.	Obligation
shall have its principal office and place of business at 123 Green Energy Blvd, Austin, TX 73301, or such other place(s) as shall be designated from time to time.	Obligation
This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas, without regard to the principles of conflict of laws.	Obligation
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which together, shall.	Obligation
This Joint Venture Agreement (this "Agreement") is entered into as of the 1st day of July, 2024 (the "Effective Date") by and between Tech Innovators Pvt.	Obligation
The Joint Venture shall do business under the name Renewable Future India.	Obligation
shall have its principal office and place of business at 789 Green Avenue, Bengaluru, Karnataka, India, or such other place(s) as shall be designated from time to time.	Obligation
This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Karnataka, without regard to the principles of conflict of laws.	Obligation
The dispute will be resolved through binding arbitration conducted in accordance with the rules of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996.	Obligation
in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which together, shall constitute one and the same instrument.	Obligation
IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have executed this Joint Venture Agreement as of the Effective Date.	Obligation
This Joint Venture Agreement (this "Agreement") is entered into as of the 1st day of July, 2024 (the "Effective Date") by and between GreenTech Ltd located at 123 Green Street, London, UK and EcoEnergy Solutions located at 456 Energy Avenue, Manchester, UK.	Obligation
The Joint Venture shall do business under the name GreenEnergy UK.	Obligation
shall have its principal office and place of business at 789 Renewable Lane, Birmingham, UK or such other place(s) as shall be designated from time to time.	Obligation
For the purpose of the Joint Venture, the parties shall make capital contributions, in cash or property, in the following amounts or values: GreenTech Ltd Cash in the amount of £500,000 Research and Development equipment in the value of £300,000 EcoEnergy Solutions Cash in the amount of £700,000 Office space in the value of £200,000 If the Joint Venture requires additional funds, the parties shall make additional contributions as mutually agreed upon by the parties.	Obligation
The parties shall own interest in the Joint Venture in the following percentages: GreenTech Ltd: 40% - EcoEnergy Solutions: 60% 4.	Obligation
Net profits and net losses accruing to the Joint Venture shall be distributed to the parties in: Accordance with each party's respective ownership interests.	Obligation
The management committee consisting of John Doe (GreenTech Ltd) and Jane Smith (EcoEnergy Solutions) will be responsible for the following duties and obligations of the Joint Venture: (a) managing day to day business affairs.	Obligation
The parties will be responsible for the following duties under the Joint Venture: GreenTech Ltd: R&D, Technical Implementation, and Innovation. - EcoEnergy Solutions: Marketing, Sales, and Project Management.	Obligation
The parties acknowledge and agree that each party's Confidential Information is valuable property.	Obligation
Except as otherwise expressly permitted in this Agreement, the parties shall not disclose or use in any manner, directly or indirectly, any.	Prohibition
thereafter, except as required to perform their respective duties and responsibilities or with the other party's prior written consent.	Obligation
Both parties agree that all Confidential.	Obligation
of this Agreement and continue thereafter for five (5) years after this Agreement is terminated or expires.	Termination Condition
All ideas, concepts, work product, information, written material or other Confidential Information disclosed to either party (i) are and shall remain the sole and exclusive property of the disclosing party, and (ii) are disclosed or permitted to be acquired by the receiving party solely in.	Prohibition
irreparable injury for which damages would not be an adequate remedy.	Prohibition
use or disclosure of Confidential Information.	Prohibition
The disclosing party shall be entitled to pursue any other legally permissible remedy available as a result of such breach, including but not limited to damages, both direct and consequential.	Prohibition
In any action brought by the disclosing party under this Section, the disclosing party shall be entitled to recover its attorney's fees and costs from the receiving party.	Obligation
This Agreement will terminate: When the Joint Venture has been.	Termination Condition
This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of United Kingdom, without regard to the principles of conflict of laws.	Obligation
If a deadlock occurs, the parties accept and understand that they will engage in: Mediation then arbitration.	Obligation
If the dispute cannot be resolved through mediation, then the dispute will.	Obligation
written notice to the other party must be given within 30 days of such assignment or transfer.	Obligation
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which together, shall constitute one and the same document.	Obligation
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date.	Obligation
This Joint Venture Agreement (this "Agreement") is entered into as of the 1st day of July, 2024 (the "Effective Date") by and between SolarTech Pty Ltd located at 789 Sunshine Road, Sydney, NSW, Australia and WindEnergy Inc located at 321 Breeze Avenue, Melbourne, VIC, Australia.	Obligation
The Joint Venture shall do business under the name SunWind Energy.	Obligation
shall have its principal office and place of business at 456 Eco Park, Brisbane, QLD, Australia or such other place(s) as shall be designated from time to time.	Obligation
For the purpose of the Joint Venture, the parties shall make capital contributions, in cash or property, in the following amounts or values: SolarTech Pty Ltd Cash in the amount of AUD 800,000 Solar panels and related equipment in the value of AUD 500,000 WindEnergy Inc Cash in the amount of AUD 600,000 Wind turbines in the value of AUD 400,000 If the Joint Venture requires additional funds, the parties shall make additional contributions as mutually agreed upon by the parties.	Obligation
The parties shall own interest in the Joint Venture in the following percentages: SolarTech Pty Ltd: 50% - WindEnergy Inc: 50% 4.	Obligation
The management committee consisting of Alice Johnson (SolarTech Pty Ltd) and Michael Brown (WindEnergy Inc) will be responsible for the following duties and obligations of the Joint Venture: (a) managing day to day business affairs.	Obligation
and (e) hiring production and administration staff and third- party contractors as needed, including any required labor negotiations.	Obligation
The parties will be responsible for the following duties under the Joint Venture: SolarTech Pty Ltd: Technical Development, Innovation, and Product Deployment.	Obligation
This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Australia, without regard to the principles of conflict of laws.	Obligation
This Agreement is made as of this 1st day of January 2024 (the "Effective Date") by and between/among: Partner(s):  John Doe located at 123 Main St, Springfield, IL  Jane Smith located at 456 Elm St, Springfield, IL  Bob Johnson located at 789 Maple St, Springfield, IL  Alice Williams located at 321 Oak St, Springfield, IL 1.	Obligation
Partnership Name and Purpose: The Partners agree to form a partnership under the name of "Springfield Consulting Group" (the "Partnership").	Obligation
The Partnership will be governed in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois.	Obligation
Place of Business: The principal office of the Partnership will be located at 123 Main St, Springfield, IL.	Obligation
Partnership Term: The Partnership shall commence on 1st January 2024 and will continue until it terminates in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.	Termination Condition
Partners' Capital Accounts: No interest will be paid on the capital account of any Partner.	Obligation
Profits and Losses: The net profits and losses of the Partnership will be divided equally between the Partners.	Obligation
Partner's Income Accounts: No interest will be paid on the income account of any Partner.	Obligation
Partnership Bank Accounts: The Partnership funds will be kept in an account at Springfield Bank.	Obligation
All withdrawals will be made by checks signed by any one Partner.	Obligation
Partnership Books and Records: The books and records will be kept at the Partnership's principal office.	Obligation
They will be available for inspection by any Partner during business hours upon reasonable notice.	Right
The Partnership's fiscal year will begin on 1st January and close on 31st December.	Obligation
An income statement and balance sheet will be prepared within 3 months after the end of the fiscal year.	Obligation
Voluntary Dissolution of Partnership: The Partnership may be dissolved at any time upon the consent of all Partners.	Termination Condition
Partner's Withdrawal: A Partner may withdraw at any time by providing at least 30 days' written notice.	Termination Condition
The remaining Partners may choose to dissolve or continue the Partnership by purchasing the withdrawing Partner's interest.	Termination Condition
Partner's Retirement: A Partner may retire at the end of the Partnership's fiscal year by providing at least 30 days' written notice.	Termination Condition
The remaining Partners may choose to dissolve or continue the Partnership by purchasing the retiring Partner's interest.	Termination Condition
Partner's Death: The remaining Partners may choose to dissolve or continue the Partnership by purchasing the deceased Partner's interest.	Termination Condition
Buyout: The value of the withdrawing, retiring, or deceased Partner's interest will be the fair market value as determined by an independent certified public accountant.	Obligation
The purchase price will be paid without interest within 6 months after the date of the withdrawal, retirement, or death.	Obligation
Restriction on Transfer: No Partner shall transfer any of his or her interest in the Partnership without the written consent of all Partners.	Prohibition
New Partners: New Partners may be admitted upon the unanimous consent of all Partners.	Obligation
Arbitration: Any dispute arising out of this Agreement shall be settled by arbitration in the State of Illinois.	Obligation
Binding Effect: This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Partners and their respective legal representatives, heirs, administrators, executors, successors, and permitted assigns.	Obligation
Severability: If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, the remaining provisions shall continue to be valid.	Obligation
Governing Law: This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Illinois.	Obligation
Further Assurances: Partners shall execute and deliver other documents as may be reasonably necessary to effect the terms of this Agreement.	Obligation
Headings: Section headings are for reference only and shall not affect the meaning of any provision in this Agreement.	Obligation
Counterparts: This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts.	Obligation
Amendment: This Agreement may be amended only by a written agreement signed by all Partners.	Obligation
Notices: Any notice or communication shall be in writing and delivered by hand, overnight courier service, or certified mail to the addresses stated above.	Obligation
Waiver: No Partner shall be deemed to have waived any provision of this Agreement unless such waiver is in writing.	Prohibition
This Agreement is made as of this 20th day of September, 2023 (the "Effective Date") by and between/among: Partner(s):  Vikram Choudhary, residing at 101 River View Lane, Jaipur, Rajasthan  Nisha Mehta, residing at 202 Sunshine Avenue, Pune, Maharashtra  Aryan Kapoor, residing at 303 Hillcrest Road, Chandigarh, Punjab  Kavita Sharma, residing at 404 Green Valley, Ahmedabad, Gujarat 1.	Obligation
Partnership Name and Purpose: The Partners agree to form a partnership under the name of "West India Realty Partners" (the "Partnership").	Obligation
The Partnership will be governed in accordance with the laws of the Republic of India.	Obligation
Place of Business: The principal office of the Partnership will be located at 101 River View Lane, Jaipur, Rajasthan, or at such other places as the Partners may decide from time to time.	Obligation
Partnership Term: The Partnership shall commence on the Effective Date and will continue until terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.	Termination Condition
Partners' Capital Contributions: The Partners will contribute capital to the Partnership within 30 days of the Effective Date.	Obligation
The Partners' cash contributions will be:  Vikram Choudhary: ₹2,00,000  Nisha Mehta: ₹1,50,000  Aryan Kapoor: ₹1,50,000  Kavita Sharma: ₹1,00,000 The Partners' non-cash contributions and their values are:  Vikram Choudhary: Property valuation services valued at ₹25,000  Nisha Mehta: Marketing and branding services valued at ₹20,000  Aryan Kapoor: Legal advisory services valued at ₹15,000  Kavita Sharma: IT infrastructure services valued at ₹10,000 5.	Obligation
Partners' Capital Accounts: The Partnership will establish and maintain for each Partner a separate capital account consisting of the Partner's capital contributions.	Obligation
No interest will be paid on the capital account of any Partner.	Prohibition
Partner's Income Accounts: The Partnership will establish and maintain a separate income account for each Partner.	Obligation
No interest will be paid on the income account of any Partner.	Obligation
Partners' Salary and Drawings: The Partners shall not receive any salary for their services to the Partnership.	Prohibition
Profits may be withdrawn at any time with the written consent of all Partners.	Prohibition
Partnership Bank Accounts: The Partnership funds will be kept in an account at a bank to be determined by the Partners.	Obligation
All withdrawals will require the signatures of all Partners.	Obligation
Partnership Books and Records: The books and records of the Partnership will be kept at the Partnership's principal office.	Obligation
The Partnership's fiscal year will begin on January 1st and close on December 31st.	Obligation
Financial statements will be prepared within 3 months after the end of each fiscal year.	Obligation
Significant decisions require unanimous consent, while ordinary decisions may be made by any Partner.	Obligation
Voluntary Dissolution of Partnership: The Partnership may be dissolved at any time upon the unanimous consent of the Partners.	Termination Condition
Upon dissolution, the Partners shall liquidate the Partnership's assets and distribute them in accordance with paragraph no. 14.	Obligation
Partner's Withdrawal: A Partner may withdraw voluntarily by providing at least 30 days' written notice.	Termination Condition
Upon receiving notice, the remaining Partners may:  Unanimously decide to dissolve and liquidate the Partnership.  Choose to continue the Partnership by purchasing the withdrawing Partner's interest within 60 days of receiving notice.	Termination Condition
Involuntary Withdrawal: A Partner may be removed if they commit fraud, declare bankruptcy, are declared incompetent, commit embezzlement, or are imprisoned.	Prohibition
The remaining Partners may unanimously decide to dissolve the Partnership or purchase the retiring Partner's interest within 60 days of receiving notice.	Termination Condition
Partner's Death: In the event of a Partner's death, the remaining Partners may unanimously decide to dissolve the Partnership or purchase the deceased Partner's interest within 60 days of the Partner's death.	Termination Condition
Buyout: If the remaining Partners choose to purchase the withdrawing, retiring, or deceased Partner's interest, the purchase price will be determined by an independent certified public accountant.	Right
The purchase price will be paid without interest within 6 months after the date of withdrawal, retirement, or death.	Obligation
Restriction on Transfer: No Partner shall transfer any interest in the Partnership without the written consent of all Partners.	Prohibition
Arbitration: Any dispute arising out of this Agreement shall be settled by arbitration in Jaipur, Rajasthan, in accordance with the rules of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996.	Obligation
Governing Law: This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Republic of India.	Obligation
Further Assurances: Partners shall execute and deliver such other documents as may be reasonably necessary to effect the terms of this Agreement.	Obligation
Headings: The section headings are for convenience only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement.	Obligation
Counterparts: This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original.	Obligation
all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.	Obligation
Notices: Any notice or other communication required or permitted under this Agreement.	Obligation
Waiver: No failure or delay by any party in exercising any right, power, or privilege under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any right, power, or privilege under this Agreement.	Prohibition
